what's up everyone jon rettinger from
technobuffalo here and we're going
handheld for this video thought we'd go
a little bit old school so let's talk
apple rumors and iphone 5 a word came
out today via the loop and first
reported from the loop on macrumors that
we are not going to see the iphone 5
until 2012 which actually makes a lot of
sense so the loop is claiming that it
was delayed it had normally been thought
that we were going to see the iphone 5
hardware at this year's WWDC you may
hear that published quite a bit stands
for a worldwide developers conference
and it is this year in san francisco
from june six to 10th the June time for
Emma traditionally been when we've seen
new iphone hardware get announced but
2011 is a bit different we now have an
iphone not just on AT&T in the US but
also on verizon meeting we have an
iphone on two different technologies
CDMA and GSM the cdma version just
released a few short months ago actually
after a short announcement directly
following CES in January so had we kept
the original release cycle of new
iPhones in June there would have been
about six months in between the
varieties and iPhone and when we saw the
iphone 5 which certainly would have made
for a few upset people so having the
iphone come out a few months later
perhaps in the early part of 2012 does
give us actually a unified release cycle
so we probably see the same iphone come
out for verizon and AT&T in the JRE time
frame the current iphone has a four chip
it's still relatively fast it doesn't
have the dual core like a lot of phones
are having now a lot of tablets have
we're seeing dual core snapdragons
coming certainly Tegra 2 has been all
the buzz I'm walking around because I
don't really feel like sitting my office
so as far as hardware specs go the
iphone 4 might not be up to pace for
next generation hardware especially with
the dual core and the gigs are
I am that we see in a lot of devices
however it's still one of the more
popular phones around Apple short
certainly not suffering from lack of
sales so the laying the iphone 5
certainly makes sense as well perhaps to
coincide with the release of iOS 5 which
actually heard rumors of was delayed as
well I've long rambled and ranted that I
do like the iphone is one of my
preferred platform of choices although
recently I have gone to Android but i
think that iOS needs a ton of work
hopefully you guys aren't looking right
at my nostrils needs a ton of work the
notification system is obtrusive the
lock screen offers no information and
all that goodness i'm not going to rant
about it again there'll be a link down
below if you want to hear me sort of
ramble and rants about my thoughts on
iOS you can see my little bit of my
messy office here so what do you guys
think about a delay of the iphone 5
certainly i know you're not gonna be
happy about it you android folks you're
probably going to be thrilled about it
for those of you that we're waiting so i
can turn this around you can see my
reflection in the mirror there we go for
those of you that were waiting for the
iphone 5 are you now extremely
disappointing that you don't have it
kind of just want to hear you guys have
to say a very casual sort of old-school
john for laker style video i thought we
could have some fun with this one leave
all your comments down below love to
hear from you i am turning the camera
hopeful that it make you guys on lashes
in the process nauseous in the process
i'm jon rettinger from TechnoBuffalo and
i'll see you the next video bye bye
you